By participating to this event, you expressly agree to the following Terms and Conditions:
•	To attend the event, you must be at least 18 years of age.
•	We reserve the right to deny access to the event to anyone whose name does not appear on our register of participants at the start of the event, without any liability for any reasons and at our sole discretion.
•	By attending, you understand that the event will be held at Betfair Romania Development's headquarters in Cluj-Napoca, The Office - 4th Floor, on January, 29th 2025, and also registering at the main receptions, both the Ground Floor reception and the 4th Floor reception in building A, is a mandatory step to take part in the event.
•	We reserve our right to unilaterally modify, postpone or cancel this event at any time. Any such changes will be announced on Betfair Romania Development's Social Media channel, prior to the event time.
•	During the event, you agree to behave in a way that will not harm or put at risk Betfair Romania Development's reputation or any of its legitimate organizational interests. You agree not to capture/record images or videos during your presence on our premises, the sole exception being the designated area for this specific event, under the sanction of you being liable for any damages resulting from disobeying this requirement. Under the same sanction, you agree not to publicly share any of the information presented or of which you become aware of during the event and/or while you are on our premises. Disobeying any of these provisions will also result in your immediate obligation to leave the event and our premises.
•	By attending the event, you acknowledge that photographs and filming may take place at the event. We reserve the right to use images and videos recorded at the event with your image in our future marketing materials, including social media channels, websites, and print material, without obtaining any further approval from you or making any payment to you. If you do not wish your photograph to be taken at the event, please notify us by sending an email at hello@flutter.com and we will make all reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
•	The personal data collected through the application form included in the event announcement posts on our Social Media channels, respectively your first and last name, along with your email address, will be processed for a period of maximum 30 days. The purpose of this is to grant you access in the building and to our premises, for the above named event, and to ensure the security of all participants and our colleagues.

Guide how to get to Entrance A: 
Once facing The Office building complex, you will see a big hallway opening in front. Go forward for about 30-40 meters -> you will find yourself in the middle of the complex -> On your left you should see Entrance A ( marked with the letter A on the building ). Enter the building and ask at the reception about the event you are attending at the 4th floor.  You will receive instructions how to get there from the receptionist.

Important: 
make sure you have an ID with you for the identification at the reception.
